Binge all six episodes of Stolen Hearts ad free on Amazon. Music included with prime for listeners in the States. The following episode contains references to a car boot, which is the trunk football, which you insist on calling soccer, and being nicked, which means arrested. It also contains some strong language, so watch out for that. Her Majesty's Prison Elmley is a warren of ugly yellow brick buildings, like a network of warehouses contained within a formidable concrete wall. Inside the housing blocks, it looks like every gritty British prison drama you've ever seen. Three floors of beige walls, steel railings and a net to stop anyone from jumping. And row after row of prison cells, narrow rooms with a toilet and a mattress. In one cell is prisoner VH 4265, Dean Jenkins. On a whiteboard next to Dean's cell is the number six. That's how many people have to be there to unlock you. Dean might be presumed innocent by right, but he's still being treated as one of the most dangerous criminals in the system. In the early hours of the morning, six officers take him out of his cell for a shower, which takes place in a clear glass box so that they can watch his every move. No more Governor Rain, shower gel or moisturizer. Just a plain old bar of soap as far as they're concerned. Here's this guy, he's on every newspaper in a bloody country. He's turning up at their prison. They got to monitor me until they feel safe enough. He might be seen as dangerous, but the guards that deal with Dean find him relaxed and gracious. He treats them like staff in a hotel. I was always Curtis and polite, so I will say to them, thank you very much. Back in his cell, Dean's preparing himself for what comes next. He hears six pairs of footsteps outside. The slat on the cell door is pulled back. Jenkins, you're coming downstairs. Dean stands up and takes three paces back as the door swings open. Dean walks out of the cell surrounded by guards, and is escorted down to the front desk and outside to a waiting police car, where he squashed onto the backseat between two burly officers, each of his hands cuffed. It's been a few weeks since Dean was arrested on Halloween night. A man has been shot dead, a green canvas bag stuffed full of money clasped between his fingers, and Dean Jenkins, the beauty entrepreneur and police officer's boyfriend, has a lot of questions to answer. The season of love has arrived, and if you're looking to get swept off your feet, harlequin romance has got you covered. With novels for every taste, from contemporary to historical, by bestselling authors around the globe, this is your chance to give yourself or someone you love the gift of true love. Single or committed, you can romance yourself this Valentine's Day and get lost in the pages of a Harlequin novel. Visit Harlequin.com to experience love, joy, entertainment, all at an unbeatable price. And use promo code Hearts 30 for a 30% off discount sitewide with no minimum spend. That's heart 30@harlequin.com from wondery and novel. I'm Kerry Godlyman. This is Stolen Heart Episode Two. Trick or treat. I can't have what I'm feeling now I just want us to be somehow there's something but the bad boys that makes us go down fall in love I said something but the bad boys are for me you can expect a knock on the door tonight because it's Halloween and Tricks or Treaters will be out in force. Several weeks earlier. It's 06:00 p.m on the 31 October 2006, Halloween night. Sergeant Jill Evans'is at home in Haverford West making hot dogs for her two daughters, four months pregnant. She stops every now and then to check her phone to see if there's any new text from Dean. Dean is driving through the Kent countryside in a silver Mercedes Benz. He's cruising through dark, narrow country lanes flanked by dense hedgers, listening to the cultured sound of classical music. Mozart's a good guy. He's very calming. She could put a song. Keeps me calm. Yeah. The music isn't to everyone's taste, including his passenger, Bob. He didn't care very much, but I was driving my music. Bob is a close associate of Deans. He was a friend of the family for years and years and years. Well over 6ft tall and weighing in at 20 stone, bob is hard to hide for more reasons than one. As a younger man, Bob was a boxer in its shows. A promising career ended all too soon when both his hands were broken, as Bob claims, by some coppers. Dean wasn't the first of the Jenkins clan to meet the fierce fighting, classical music opposing mystery man. That honor belonged to Dean's sister, Debbie. He was like another brother. Bob was like another brother for me. We just got on so well. I just felt with Bob, he was always there. If I had any problem at all, I know that Bob was there. It was a strong community on the social housing estate where they all grew up. A network of roads on a hill in southwest London with rows of terraced houses where the neighbors were always in each other's pockets. You'd have a glass of wine and just a chat and someone would drive up and then they're joining in the chat and then it'll be all there's. Summit going on next week or someone's having a barbecue. Why don't you come? It's just the way it was. So that's how MIT bob. It wasn't long before rumors, sparks of a possible romance between Debbie and Bob. No floss rumors that's Dean and Debbie's mum, Joyce, she's smiling knowingly. Lots of rumors. Yeah. Rumors that Debbie is keen to stress were unfounded. It was just friends, no matter what happened there. To the Jenkins family, bob was part of the furniture. The day my dad died, when we got back to Debbie's house, bob was there and he went out and he bought us all fish and chips. He said, you just need something now. Come on now. You were going to eat. To me, Bob was a gentle giant. That's one version of Bob, the sort of man who fiercely protects his own and treats the people closest to him with absolute loyalty and affection. But even those who love him are quick to admit that their gentle giant had another side. To him, he was horrible, he was a nasty man, but only if he had to be. I knew that he'd been in trouble with the police, but to be quite honest, if it didn't affect me, I didn't want to know. To me face value, he's a nice fella. That's it. That's all I wanted to know. I think he'd bought a house and was having a swimming pool put in a garden and all things like that. But at that time it wasn't knocking on my door, so why would I go and knock on somebody else's door? Bob's darker side may not have come knocking on Joyce's door before, but tonight is Halloween, a night for ghoulish house guests. Back in the car, Dean and Bob aren't in a playful mood. Mrs. Business. Serious business. We talk about what we're going to do. The whole journey as you feel. Are you good? We just be okay. I'm okay. Turning sharply onto the motorway, dean feels the grunt of the Mercedes engine as he pushes down on the accelerator. Bob is adjusting his seat to accommodate his tree trunk legs. With the passenger seat pushed all the way back, almost reclining into the rear seat. Taking in the country drive, the good friends are blissfully unaware of the watchful eyes lying in wait. Subject one is now heading down the M 20. Mozart fills the night air as Dean and Bob carefully talk through their plan. Everything planned? Yeah? You know where you go? Have we thought about everything? Are we clear where we're going? Do you know what you got to do? Yeah, we're good. Just over an hour to go now. He's a magistrate at the minute, but he's definitely heading this way. The Mercedes rolls into a little place in Kent known as New Romney. A surviving settlement from the medieval era, the quaint town now boasts mock Tudor signs and old fashioned pubs in celebration of its heritage. It has an air of a life once lived and a life soon to be over, as, like many English coastal towns, it's slowly disappearing into the sea, a perfect setting for this Halloween night. Vibrant fireworks bloom and scorched through the gloomy October sky. Stressed parents heard excited kids in their hastily made costumes for some much anticipated trick or treating. Dean lets Bob out of the car in an alleyway opposite a graveyard. Bob gets into position whilst Dean rolls the car cautiously back onto the main high street. The plan is in motion, but for now, all Dean has to do is wait a perfect time to check in with Jill and fire off a few saucy messages. They're discussing boots, of course, until Dean cuts the exchange short. Fabe. Don't phone me for at least half hour. Dropping kids back. Kiss kiss. It was around about 730 that Dean Jenkins was seen driving a Mercedes. He sat in the car park, engine running sidelights on, unseen. From across the road, Dean is being watched through a pair of binoculars. It's the Metropolitan Police Flying Squad, the team responsible for catching serious, organized criminals. Not the kind of cops you'd expect to find in a small town like this. They've come all the way from London and they've got a hunch that Dean and Bob are up to something suspicious. It could be phone taps. It could be a family member phoning the police officer who's fed up with it. A lot of the flying squads information came from informants. The police have good reason to suspect that Dean and Bob are targeting cash in transit deliveries. Good old fashioned armed robbery. The main leader of the gang was a very keen bodybuilder, a very large man, robert Haines. Robert Haines, bob, the burly man riding shotgun, reluctantly vibing to Mozart. A large man, or as Dean's mum would call him, the Gentle giant. The Flying Squad knew him well, too, but they had a very different term of endearment teflon Bob, because every time he was arrested, he seemed to get off on a technicality and nothing had stuck. I think it was suspected that he was a police briber, okay? That was the information that he had. Contacts with the police and the judiciary. Next to the detective with the binoculars, is a police sniper, primed, ready to shoot Dean or Bob if things get out of hand. Down below, tucked away on the high street, are the specialist firearms officers, the boots on the ground. If the Flying Squad are the brains of the operation, these guys are the brawn. Sitting inside, four unmarked police vehicles with loaded rifles resting between their legs. Four whole Premier League football teams worth of law enforcement ready to spring into action as soon as they get the order. We found a nice little quiet side street in the dark, pitch black. Steve Smith is one of those specialist firearms officers. That's not his real name, by the way. Steve's sitting in the passenger seat of his unmarked car, listening to the intelligence coming through on the radio. It was a crisp, dry night. We could just hear fireworks going off like gunshots everywhere. It was quite disgusting. Flashes of rockets going up in the sky and trickortreaters wandering around dressed as little vampires and ghouls. And they were, like, wandering past the car and you're thinking, well, great night to do a robbery. You can disguise any noise, or even someone with a balaclavron might not get a second look. Sitting in the driver's seat of another police car is Metropolitan Police Marksman Tony Long, ready with orders to block the getaway car parked in the Tide street in the dark somewhere, you know, kicked out, wearing body armor underneath you're plain clothes and they're still concealed and all the rest of it. He's one of 46 police officers involved in this operation, 26 especially trained firearms officers like Tony and Steve. They are authorized to use lethal force if necessary to protect themselves and the public. Sitting in his silver Mercedes, Dean takes a deep breath. I had no emotions whatsoever. Absolutely no feelings whatsoever. My body was ice and it was calm. He's not thinking about Jill's Boots right now. He has business to attend to. You have to go and calm, assertive. Let them understand that you mean business. If you're screaming like a crazy fool, give us the fucking money. I need the fucking money. They don't know what's going on. Everybody's right now screaming. No one knows who to look at. You have to take control. This is what I'm here for. This is what I want. No one's going to get hurt. But then Dean's composure is punctured. He's got two lookouts posted on the high street outside the bank. They have one job watch out for coppers. But the lookouts are currently standing right in front of Dean's mark having a chat, shaking hands. It was ridiculous. And I end up having to use my phone, which is breaking every rule in the world to tell them, piss off, we've got work to do. This moment unnerves Dean. He gets a funny feeling in his gut. He's the sort of man who always likes to be one step ahead. And this panicked phone call was not part of the plan. Things weren't going as accurate as they should. You could argue that we should have just walked away, but we didn't. He said, It's okay, let's just crack on. Things are getting tense. Word comes over the radio that a cash van is approaching the Nationwide Bank. Suddenly, everyone's getting excited. Now it's time for your dreamland to kick in. The money's here. All that needs to happen is for them to do it. Dean watches the cash van park outside the bank as expected. Slightly slumped, he puts his phone away, coolly reaches for the radio in his lap and puts it to his mouth. I spoke to Bob. Oh, we did? Yes, I would. Dean reports back as one of the couriers jumps out of the van wearing a stab proof vest and a crash helmet. Right on cue, he's outside. Are you ready? I'm privy. The courier opens the van's back doors and grabs a large black box stuffed with money to take it to the bank and load it into the ATM machines. Some boxes are stuffed with tens, but the ones Dean's really hoping for, a jam packed with 20s. Then we speak to each other very quietly one thing delivered. Dean knows that the first boxes will likely be dummy runs, empty boxes to trick any potential thieves. Steadily he counts the courier runs under his breast. 1234. It's the fifth box. He's ready. Ready. He's out. Go. Have you ever had to invent a story but the details just get so unwieldy that you have to keep notes so that you can stay on track? Wondery's Podcast scam Fluencers recently dove into the story of a German con man who lied, stole, seduced and even killed, all to make his American dream come true. Stay tuned till the end of this episode to hear a preview of Scam fluencies. You really him ready? He's out. Bob bursts out from the shadows of the alleyway. He's wearing a balaclava and brandishing a sawnoff shotgun. He grabs the courier, forcing him into the bank at gunpoint and orders him to hand over the cash. Dean slams on the accelerator. He's got seconds to get into position for the perfect getaway. Bob took the car to the car park behind the bank, put it into the position to open the boot. When Bob come down, the Leeway put the money and the gun in the boot so that we could go at the police observation point. Things are not going to plan. The cash van has parked partly across the window on the front of the bank. The flying squad can't see what's going on and now they have a potential hostage situation on their hands. The sniper hasn't got a visual on Bob. If things turn nasty, there's nothing they can do but wait for Bob to leave. Time slows as Bob emerges from the bank with more than a hundred grands worth of cash stuffed in a green canvas bag. Without a moment to lose, the commanding officer screams out the order. I screamed down towards the plot, going like a bat out of hell to try and get to the top corner of the car park. I deployed. From the passenger seat of our gunship, we raced onto the high street. Bob sprints down the alleyway with the bags towards Dean. All I had to do was flip a bunk and the boot list. Dean hits the button. Nothing. He tries again and again nothing. His icy composure melting. I jumped out to open the boot and that's when the police start shouting and screaming. Freeze. Arm place. I looked up, I saw Bob come in. Bob turns round, clasping his shotgun in the bag of cash. He fires off around and his balaclava is lit up by torches. And then there's all sorts of gunshots and then a wave of cox are on Dean. They put me on the floor, literally swipe my legs away, stamping on the back of my knees, slamming my knees into the ground, and there's one skinny rat of a fucking bloke come near me, lifted his foot up and slammed it straight in the face. But even on the floor, Dean can see Bob. It's slow motion to me, watching everything that was going on with Bob because my head was positioned so that I could see it. Bob has been shot three times with two bullets hitting his torso. He's in a bad way. A handful of officers are trying to save his life while they wait for the medics to arrive. But it's clear that he needs critical care. And then one of them said, Bob, speak to me. And he's telling them, I can't breathe. And this idiot said, Course you can breathe, you're fucking speaking. Police marksman. Tony arrives on the scene late. We pulled up in our vehicle, bailed out, the robber was shot, he was down and there was already probably three or four guys working on him. And I was a bit of a spare prick, really, because I was the last out of the car as the driver. And then I saw some lights flashing around in the back gardens of the shops and the high street. So I made my way to that, thinking, oh, perhaps there's another suspect. So I ran to that light and I found Simon searching the back of this area behind the shops. Simon's, another police marksman. And again, that's not his real name. I said, what's up, mate? And he was obviously anxious. He was telling me I had to shoot. He shot at me first, but he was concerned because he couldn't now see a gun. This isn't the first time Simon shot someone. Only the previous year, Simon shot John Charles de Menezes on the London Underground in front of a tube full of commuters. Police mistook the Brazilian electrician for a terrorist. De Menezes was just an innocent guy on his way to work. As Bob bleeds on the ground with no sawnoff shotgun in sight, simon is starting to worry that he might have shot another unarmed man. I had to say to him, well, look, there's a lot going on here. You got guys working on him, they might be kneeling on it. The medic bags are on the floor that might be covering it up. Don't worry about it. Simon heads up to the observation point. So I was on my own and it was at that point that the ambulance arrived. And so I kind of waved the ambulance to me and then I pointed across to the corner of the yard where the casualty was. And as their light swept past me, I looked to my right and there I was, almost treading on it was the sawn off shotgun. It broken into two bits. The wooden four end had come off and it was about four parking bays away from where the suspects had fallen and where the suspect was being worked on. So that had been 30 odd foot away from him. Firearms officer Steve Smith can only stand and watch Bob fight for his life as the medics do whatever they can to save him. I don't think they realized the seriousness of the call they'd answered. They went back and got the stretcher. We helped carry him onto the ambulance. And the next thing that surprised me was they asked if someone could drive the ambulance for them because they wanted to work on him in the back. One of the Flying Squad officers jumped in the ambulance and drove it off on the blue lights and two tones basically been directed to the nearest hospital where he he took him. When he left the scene, he was alive. Officers handcuffed Dean and march him away. They set me against a car so I could no longer see anything. But I seen everything I needed to see. And I'm sitting there, I'm saying, okay look, I'm getting a bit cold, so can we ever get in the van or put one of your jackets over my shoulders? And one of them made a comment. Why is he so calm? There's something wrong, he's on something. He's so calm. I just shook my head, walked into the van myself and sat down. At the Folkston police station, Dean is processed, fingerprinted and placed in a cell. And now he's alone with all his thoughts, all the doubts, all the moments that didn't feel right. The lookouts shaking hands, the boot not opening. Why did the boot not open? It wasn't a shit car. It should have released so that all Bob had to do was throw everything in the back, jump in the front wheel off. They didn't release. Never ever did I think a car like that would not release. Half asleep with the night's events endlessly playing in his head, dean's jolted by the door swinging open. Lady officer brought me in a cup of tea. She sat next to me on the bed and she said, look, I need to talk to you about Mr. Haynes. He didn't make it. She said, do you need anybody to talk to you? She wanted to. I said no. I said, I'm good, thank you. And she went, well, if you're okay. I said, I'm good to just I'm fine to just leave me alone, I'm all right now. Having done her a bit, the officer does as requested and leaves Dean to his thoughts. Of course I was reliving a night thinking about it and it was just rubbish. It was fucking shit. Lying alone in his cell, Dean doesn't cry for Bob. I don't grieve. I haven't grieved over a lot of things yet. Probably some scared to, some wise I'm not ready for yet. I can't do it. Not yet. I'm not ready to. Hours later, Dean sitting in a windowless interview room with his lawyer. After a couple of minutes, two detectives pushed through the door wearing suits, cheap shiny trousers, crappy jacket. People used to always say, are you going to caught today damps? And I'll be like, no. Wore your suit on foot because that's what proper detectives wear would be my standard answer. Around this proper detective's neck is a football themed tie. Detective Andy Dampier, or Damps as he's known, is a massive Arsenal fan. I had about twelve different Arsenal ties and would alternate between them. It was just an extension of my personality, I suppose. But equally, I'm aware of the fact that it sometimes can give you some safe, common ground. In conversation, the detectives sit down at the table, leaning back on creaking plastic chairs. They're feeling confident. Unfortunately for Dean, he's been caught red handed. Now it's their job to work out precisely what he's been up to. But the interrogation is not getting off to a good start. Andy's lucky football tie doesn't seem to be working on Dean because he's a Liverpool fan. Talk about an own goal, boys. Undeterred, Len fumbles across the table and hits the record button. I was then told and being recorded. Andy and Len start their usual routine. He was good cop, I was bad cop. Right? Is this your name? Yes. So you were seeing it. Blah blah blah blah. Is that you? No comment. In another room, more officers look on through a CCTV feed, tracking Dean's every facial expression, looking for clues, flashes of guilt or deception. But he's giving them nothing. You literally sit there for about two hour tape, hand on the table, chin in your hand. And every time they press that record button, no comment. And again no comment. And again just no comment. Dean rolls his eyes. It's going to be a long day for all of them. You're about to hear a preview of Scam Fluences three weddings and a Funeral. While you're listening, follow Scam Fluences wherever you get your podcasts. Hey prime members, you can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app today. It's May of 1994 in San Marino, California. Jose Perez and its construction crew are renovating a house, including installing a swimming pool. They're digging a 36 foot pit to ready the yard for the cement and the plumbing. But then the tractor's blade crashes through something hard buried in the dirt. Jose stops digging, annoyed. He found everything imaginable in people's yards, even a few cars. But this is unusual. When he looks closer, he realizes the tractor's metal claw has sliced open a big fiberglass box buried in the dirt. And inside the box are a bunch of plastic shopping bags, including some with university logos on them. And there's a bad smell coming from them. Like really bad. When Jose gets a better look at the bags, he starts screaming because he realizes that he's looking at human remains. The bones of an arm, a spine and a skull. Neighbors come running and then the police, and then of course, the press. Everyone wants to know whose dismembered body has been found. But it turns out this is so much more than a grisly crime scene. This is the clue that will unravel the decade long con of one of the world's most manipulative and cunning liars. Hey, crime members. You can listen to scanfluencers ad free on Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app. Today, it's 06:30 a.m. On November the first, 2000 and 610 hours since Dean and Bob hit the bank. Dean's sister Debbie is getting ready for work. She's a teacher at a school for kids with special needs and is going in early to open the Breakfast Club. She's drying her hair when daughter Danielle starts hammering on the kitchen window, smashing on it. Mum, mum. Mum. I opened the door and she said, Uncle Dean's been nicked. And I just said, what for? What do you mean he's been nick? What's he been nicked for? And she said, armed robbery. She said, Uncle Dean went on a robbery with Bob and they've been nipped. Danielle is the first to know because her boyfriend, one of the lookouts, has also been arrested. That morning, Danielle was woken up by loud banging on the front door, the police demanding to be let in. They took her car keys, everything, and she jumped in a cab and come here and told me I must have let out some sort of screech or whatever, because then my husband got up and he come down. I couldn't believe that he had done this. I didn't know where, I didn't know what was happening. It isn't long before the news travels 30 miles to Surrey, where Dean's mum, Joyce, is woken up by a phone call from Debbie. She said there's trouble. And I said, what do you mean, there's trouble? She said the police had raided Danielle and there's been an armed robbery and Deans involved. And Bob, what were you talking about? How did the Whisk come about? What has he been doing? After speaking to Joyce, and despite having every reason to call in sick, debbie decides to drive to work as normal. Her two young boys are in the back. Debbie puts on the radio to try and take her mind off things. The news come on. There'd been an armed robbery and someone was shot and they was dead. By 745, specialist Firearms unit moved into the old court town of New, Romney and Kent. They've been tipped off about a suspected armed robbery. One of the police marksmen has shot a suspect. Two of the closest men in her life have been arrested and one of them is dead. And I remember going to work that day and not knowing who was dead. I didn't know if it was Dean that was dead, if it was Bob that was dead. I didn't know. In her kitchen, Joyce is listening to the news. Four robbers, three arrested, one dead. Was my son dead? I didn't know. I didn't know what to do. So the best thing I could do was go to work and just wait and find out what happened. It's at work. That Joyce and Debbie find out that Bob has been killed. But Dean is alive. Gratitude and grief fold into one, especially for Debbie. Bob's, her best friend. It slaughtered me, it did slaughter me. But at the same time, my brother had just been nicked, so it was really hard. But then you work in a school, you're teaching little kids, you can't just you've just got to put on that face and carry on. And could I just say, oh, I'm really upset, I'm really sorry. Brother's just been nick for armed robbery. It's the one that's all over the news. Any relief Joyce feels is cut short by an incessant ringing. It's Jill. Jill was phoning me constantly because she was expecting to hear from Dean. It's been 18 hours since Dean last texted Jill a text she keeps rereading, waiting for a new message to arrive. Babe, don't phone me for at least half hour. Dropping kids back. Kiss kiss. Jill's been trying to reach him ever since. Getting increasingly frantic, joyce doesn't tell Jill what's going on. Instead, she lies. No, he's in a meeting with George. He's in a meeting. Because I didn't know what to say to her, I said, he's in a meeting with George. He's in a meeting with George. The beauty mogul that Jill met in Italy. Dean, the successful businessman, is hard at work. Nothing to see here. He'll ring you. He said he'll ring you as soon as he can. But later that night, with the seriousness of Dean's situation looming over them, joyce and Debbie decide it's time to come clean. Jill needs to know the truth about the love of her life, the father of her baby. By 08:00 p.m.. And after hours of anxious waiting, jill's finally getting answers. She was at home when she got the message from Debbie. Go to a payphone and call me. And now she's standing in flipflops in a urine soap phone box on a deserted street corner. Her left hand is clasping at her face. Her right hand is clutching the receiver. She's slumped against the glass and bent over a little like she's been winded sawn off shotguns. Shooting at the police and raid in building societies was not the Dean I knew. Cosmetics, distribution kind, considerate, mature, businessman, professional. This can't be the same Dean. You just could not marry up the two. It just can't be right. Can't be real. Her mind is racing. They're going to come here, they're going to arrest me, they're going to take me away from my children. My children might be taken off me even though I hadn't done anything, which is another clue, but the other part of my mind, which would be, well, of course they're going to have to look at you. You're the girlfriend. If I was investigating the case, I would as well. The call is short. Debbie's tone is curt and matter of fact, she's three steps ahead of Jill, who feels like she's just been hit by a ton of bricks. Debbie says goodbye and the phone goes dead. Jill places the receiver back, stunned. Flipflops squelch through the bitter, wet streets as Jill makes her way back home. She's only wearing a pair of shorts, but now she's numb even to the cold at her door. She steadies herself and puts on the brave face she needs right now. Her mum face. After two divorces, she's used to protecting her two girls from her feelings, but she's never faced something like this. She puts the girls to bed and lets them read a story as usual. Once they've gone to sleep, Jill lies on her bed, staring into her bedside light. I left the light on all night and I'd like a switch on the light, and I'd just kept flicking the light switch on and off, just to keep hold of some sort of sanity, either. It was my only sanity and I remember hearing the clique and then I'd go and get my phone in and read, hoping that it was all a big mistake. I didn't tell anyone because I thought, this is a dream. This isn't going to be real. Jill jolts awake. It's 05:30 A.m.. She must have dozed off for a moment. Things are normal, we've just dreamt all this. This is just a nightmare. But it wasn't, because it had come on the news by then. First thing I thought was, I need to tell work. I need to tell work. Jill calls up one of her bosses, chief Superintendent Paul Amphlett. I rang in to Chief Superintendent Amphlit's secretary and I just said, Just put me through, I just need to speak to Chief Super. And I remember hearing her heels click, click, click, click. Knock on the door, go in, Mumbling. And then I put me through. I just said, you need to come to the house. And he said, Why? I can't tell you. You just need to come down and you need to come down now. It's really important. Joe puts the phone down and wait anxiously. He comes in his own car. He doesn't come in a marked car, but he comes in uniform with his hat and his tunic on. And I started crying as soon as I saw him and I said, I'm in a relationship with someone. He said, yeah, I know, but I don't know who he is. And I said no. Well, his name is Dean Jenkins and he's been arrested for an armed robbery. And it was just silence, you couldn't hear pin drop. I felt as if I was a child trying to justify that I was not involved in this in any shape and form. And you've got to believe me and you've got to help me because I don't know what I'm doing and I don't know what I'm thinking and this is too big for me and you need to help me. Jill's in floods of tears, weeping and begging Paul lamplit to believe her. I mean, by all accounts, Paul's a really nice guy, but he's also awkward and a little gray in the face. I think it's probably fair to say that consoling grown women with broken hearts isn't really his area of expertise. Are you sort of like, tapping my shoulder as if to say, calm down, calm down? I think his words are something like, jesus Christ. Jill watches through her kitchen window as Chief Superintendent Amplit pulls away. I was gripping the worktops in the kitchen and I was doing it so hard that they're starting to cut my fingers. And I didn't care because I just wanted to feel something. She's suddenly overcome by a memory from earlier in the year. She was brooking a man into custody, a man who'd just been arrested for killing his wife. They'd had an argument and the man had pushed his wife, who'd fallen down the stairs. I remember thinking, imagine being in a situation where a couple of hours ago your life was maybe absolutely perfect, and then within a space of couple of hours, your whole world has changed. Your wife is now dead and your kids have no parents around and they're too young to fend for themselves. And how does that work and how do you even cope with that? And I remember actually thinking that as I was watching him walk towards me, because he was quite a sorry sight and his head was down. And I was thinking, there's nothing I can say to you or do to help you. And I want to, but there's nothing I can do or say that's going to change the situation you're in. And then all of a sudden, I switched back into work mode. And it's like name. But I remember distinctly having those thoughts. Oh, I'm so glad I'm happy, and I'm so glad I'm not in this situation. Jill got a sinking feeling in her stomach. She's haunted by the face of that guilty man. And now she knows exactly what it feels like when your whole world has fallen apart within the space of a few hours. But Jill's not in handcuffs. Not yet at least. And now she's got a decision to make. Does she still love Dean, the person she planned on spending the rest of her life with? The man who, it seems, has been lying to her about who he really is? Like Dean, she knows that she's going to face some tough questions in the days ahead. Could a police officer really not know that the father of her unborn child was planning a bank robbery? Even if Jill manages to come up with some answers, she can't be sure that anyone's going to believe her. I mean, would you? I've got two kids at home. I've got a career in the police. I didn't know who I could trust. No one could have prepared me for that. That's coming up next time on stolen Hearts. Thanks so much for listening. If you're enjoying Stolen Hearts, you can listen ad free on Amazon Music included with prime. Prime members now have access to all the music and top podcasts through Amazon Music. Download the Amazon Music app now. Another way you can listen early and adfree is by subscribing to Wondery Plus in Apple podcasts or the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey@wonderey.com. Survey from Wondery and Novel. This is episode two of six of Stolen Hearts. Stolen Hearts is hosted by me, Kerry Godlyman and written by Kim McCaskill, Tom Wright and Anna Sinfield. Our producer is Tom Wright. Associate Producer Anna Sinfield assistant Producer Amalia Sortland. Additional production by Leona Hameed. Fact checking by Andrew Schwartz and Fendell Fulton. Managing producers are Luther Pundia, Olivia Weber, Shari Houston, and Charlotte Wolf. Music supervisor is Scott Velasquez for Frisson Sync. Music and Sound design by Nicholas Alexander. Additional engineering by Daniel Kempson. Executive producers are Max O'Brien, mightily Rao and Johnny McDivitt. For Novel. Executive producers are Aeronoflative George Lavender, Marshall Lewis and Gen. Sergeant. For Wondering.